Romi Platforms
============

The platform provided to us was a mechanical structure and supporting electronics 
that enable the robot to operate. This includes the chassis for physical support, 
the microcontroller for control, interface hardware for connectivity, and 
power/motor-driver circuitry. 

Chassis Design
------- 

The Romi chassis is a differential-drive platform used to create a mobile robot. 
Romi has two wheels and a ball caster such that it can securely move, rotate, and 
spin in place. It contains a battery holder to run on 6 AA batteries. The chassis 
also has mounting holes and slots for additional sensors and electronics. 


.. list-table:: Robot Specifications 

   :header-rows: 1 

   * - Parameter
     - Value 
   * - Chassis Diameter 
     - 165 mm 
   * - Track Width (Wheel Center to Wheel Center) 
     - 141 mm 
   * - Wheel Radius 
     - 35 mm 
   * - Gear Ratio (Exact) 
     - 119.76 
   * - Encoder Resolution (at Motor) 
     - 12 CPR 
   * - Motor Voltage (Rated) 
     - 4.5 V 
   * - Motor Torque (Stall) 
     - 1.8 kg·cm 
   * - Motor Speed (No-Load) 
     - 150 RPM 
   * - Max Speed (Translational) 
     - 0.88 m/s 
 

Nucleo Board (STM32 Microcontroller) 
------------------------------------ 
 
The function of this board is to be the main controller, or “brain.” The Nucleo 
runs our code and communicates with our computer. 


Shoe of Brian 
------------- 
 
The function of this board is more of an interface or breakout board. The “shoe” 
allows us to break out Nucleo pins to screw terminals and headers, and includes a 
native USB port for communication. This board does not do any active processing, it 
mostly just routes signals. 
 
Motor Driver & Power Distribution Board 
--------------------------------------- 
 
This board deals with motor control and power delivery. It contains DRV8838 dual 
H-bridge drivers. The board takes low-power signals generated by the Nucleo/our code 
to control the speed and direction of the motors. The board also distributes power 
from the 6AA batteries from the chassis holder to the motors and Nucleo. It also 
provides connection points for the motors and encoders. 